feat: postage stamps and other tweaks (#67)
ethersphere/bee-js-docs: docs/user-documentation/track-upload.md

## Create tag

:::warning Forbidden on Gateways

> If you are using node that is in Gateway mode than this operation is not allowed!

Reviewer: Typos
```suggestion
If you are using a node that is in Gateway mode then this operation is not allowed!
```

## Retrieve tag

:::warning Forbidden on Gateways

> If you are using node that is in Gateway mode than this operation is not allowed!

Reviewer: See my other comment above for the same sentence
